What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repo you create a hidden git repo inside a directory. You use the commmand git init. Using git status can show you what files are in your directory.
You need a git repo to easily see versions of your files.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is in between the working directory and the repository. It could be really helpful if you aren't ready for a commit quite yet, and want to separate files that you're working on and ones you're done with. It also helps so that you don't have to commit your whole directory.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

The staging area allows you to track the progress of your work without making an official commmit. Using the different versions of git diff can help you compare your staging area to the working directory or the current commit and help you decide when to commit your work.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches will be really helpful in situations where you're not sure if you want to go in a certain direction and just want to try things out.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams help show where the branches diverge. It may help us understand what changes need to me made to a branch, or where branches need to merge.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

When you merge two branches, git filters through the different lines and decides which ones need to be kept in the master branch. The diagram helps us visualize which commits were added to which branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Pros are that Git can work through a lot of the simple merges like the lines that are the same. Cons may be that it accidentally merges something, but it shouldn't because it alerts the programmers to conflicts in the merge.
